[TT-17154] Update documentation for master (#2018)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: snippets/x-tyk-gateway.mdx

Reviewer: @andyo-tyk regarding your concern for tyk vendor extention docs, I've double checked and this is the autogerated doc for the tyk vendor extention than appears in https://tyk.io/docs/api-management/gateway-config-tyk-oas#tyk-oas-api-definition-object

> **Field: `middleware` ([Middleware](#middleware))**

Reviewer 2: @andyo-tyk @MFCaballero, this file (which contains the Tyk OAS API def) should have been updated with the new MCP API definitions, right?

Reviewer 3: Yes, for 5.13

Reviewer 2: Why didn't the fields below get populated via automation @challiscj @lghiur @MFCaballero 

From OEL, 

> B. New MCP-Specific Fields
> To support Model Context Protocol primitives (tools, resources, prompts) and JSON-RPC 2.0, several new fields are introduced:
> 
> • In API Definitions (middleware block):
>   • mcpTools: A map of middleware configurations applied to individual tools (keyed by tool name, e.g., get-weather).
>   • mcpResources: A map of middleware configurations applied to individual resources or URI patterns (keyed by URI/wildcard, e.g., `[weather://stations/*`](weather://stations/*%60)).
>   • mcpPrompts: A map of middleware configurations applied to individual prompts (keyed by prompt name, e.g., weather-summary).
>   • operations: Keyed by {json-rpc-method}{HTTP-method} (e.g., tools/callPOST) to apply middleware at the JSON-RPC method level.
> 
> • In Security Policies (access_rights block):
>   • mcp_primitives: Array of per-primitive rate limits targeting specific tools, resources, or prompts.
>   • mcp_access_rights: Object containing allowlists and blocklists (allowed and blocked arrays of strings) for tools, resources, and prompts.
>   • json_rpc_methods: Array of per-method rate limits targeting specific JSON-RPC methods (e.g., tools/call).
>   • json_rpc_methods_access_rights: Object containing allowlists and blocklists for JSON-RPC protocol methods.

**Field: `mcpPrompts` ([MCPPrimitives](#mcpprimitives))**
McpPrompts contains configuration for middleware that can be applied to MCP prompts.

### **ErrorOverrides**

> ErrorOverrides defines the OAS extension configuration for error overrides.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
ErrorOverrides defines the configuration for error response overrides.
```

Type defined as object of `MCPPrimitive` values, see [MCPPrimitive](#mcpprimitive) definition.

> ### **ErrorOverridesMap**

Reviewer 2: Is this internal to the code base or part of Tyk OAS?

Reviewer: It is part of the Tyk OAS. PR 7867 added it to the OAS schema files (e.g., apidef/oas/schema/x-tyk-api-gateway.json and apidef/schema.json) https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk/pull/7867/changes#diff-78828969c0c04cc1a776dfc93a8bad3c499a8c83e6169f83e96d090bed3e7dd0.

SecurityScheme defines an Importer interface for security schemes.

> ### **ServerRegenerationConfig**

Reviewer 2: Hmm, is this an internal struct or part of tyk-OAS?

Reviewer: It is an internal struct. PR 7509 introduced it in apidef/oas/servers_regeneration.go to hold configuration for server URL regeneration, and it was not added to any OAS schema files. https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk/pull/7509/changes#diff-cc746cb53a83474881388036c0fff7be75018574418723c4baae7265c5b39c93R13

Reviewer 3: This keeps getting dragged in every time and we have to manually remove it. Is there some way to stop this happening?

Reviewer: I'll try a fix
